docs: Add basic information for local development. (#97)
octopusthink/octopusthink.com: README.md

This is the code powering the blog and website for [Octopus Think](https://octopusthink.com/).

## Development

### Getting started

octopusthink.com uses Gatsby. To run a local copy, clone the repo to your local machine, and start the Gatsby server:

> `npm start`

Reviewer: This will look nicer as:

<pre>```bash
npm start
```</pre>

> `npm start`

Author: ```suggestion
```bash
npm start
```
```

> That's it! You can now find the site at [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/). 

Reviewer: This looks a bit tidier:

```suggestion
That's it! You can now find the site at [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000/).
```

> All changes you make to front-end React code and styles will immediately be loaded. Any changes to `gatbsy-config.js` require restarting the Gatsby server (`Control-C` + `npm start`.)

Reviewer: Same goes for `gatsby-node.js`, and I don't want to include keyboard shortcuts (it's a bit too basic, and also could be different depending on systems—though I think usually you're right and there's not much variance in that one 😄)

```suggestion
All changes you make to front-end React code and styles will immediately be loaded. Any changes to `gatbsy-config.js` or `gatsby-node.js` require restarting the Gatsby server.
```

### Running tests

> All pull requests must pass both unit tests and linter rules to be merged into master. Tests are run against branches using GitHub Actions, but you can also run tests locally:

Author: ```suggestion
All pull requests must pass the linter rules to be merged into master. Tests are run against branches using GitHub Actions, but you can also run tests locally:
```

> All pull requests must pass both unit tests and linter rules to be merged into master. Tests are run against branches using Github actions, but you can also run tests locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All pull requests must pass both unit tests and linter rules to be merged into master. Tests are run against branches using GitHub Actions, but you can also run tests locally:
```

> `npm run lint

Author: ```suggestion
````bash
npm run lint
```
```

> npm run test`

Author: ```suggestion
```

> `npm run lint

Reviewer: You can have blocks of code by doing:

<pre>```bash
npm run lint
npm run test
```</pre>

That said: do we even _have_ an `npm test` command for the site? I don't think that we do.

Author: We do not! `No tests yet! (See: https://gatsby.dev/unit-testing/)` I'll nix it.

### Using the design system

> octopusthink.com uses the [Nautilus](https://nautilus.octopusthink.com) design system under the hood. Since Nautilus is still very much under development, it's pulling from the latest changes made to the master Github branch, rather than the published version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
octopusthink.com uses the [Nautilus](https://nautilus.octopusthink.com) design system under the hood. Since Nautilus is still very much under development, it's pulling from the latest changes made to the `master` GitHub branch, rather than the published version.
```
